---
title:  "Buying my first NFT"
layout: post
---
## Buying my first NFT 
Many people talk about NFT, but what do people truly see NFT is? In the past, NFT is just a way that people use to proof their ownership of the unique artwork.
So you own the unique artwork and nobody can claim the ownership as it is recorded on the immutable blockchain.

As there are more NFT projects coming in, I see NFT is no longer just an ownership proof of an artwork, it has also extended to be a member of the project community.
Every NFT holder in the community can influence on the decision making happening in the community. 

In this case, NFT project itself has became a community where every members can express their will freely and the community will grow as the majority of members wishes to.
This is also called Decentralized Autonomous Organization where the community is ruled by the people rather than a centralized authority.

To experience how does a DAO work, I bought my first NFT back in a month ago. Let me share with you how this works:-

The NFT I bought is [Next Trial Run](https://nexttrialrun.io/) by the Hongkong local Youtubers Trial and Error. 

#### 1. Go to the official page of community
I bought this NFT at the public minting stage. If you'd like to buy a NFT that has already been launched, you may go to the public marketplace like OpenSea, Magic Eden or Alpha Art (depends on your NFT is based on which blockchain).
However, it is always safe to check the available marketplaces from the official NFT community site before your purchase as there are potential spams in the market. DYOR.

#### 2. Prepare some token for the mint/purchase the NFT + gas fee
One of my key takeaways here is to always transfer slightly more tokens to your wallet. 
In the blockchain world, you pay gas fee (aka transaction fee) to process the transactions so you always have to prepare some more tokens to facilitate the transaction for buying your NFT.


